Disable the Qt backend on windows and mac (#3819)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/advanced/backend_qt.md

The Qt backend uses the [Qt](https://www.qt.io) library to interact with the windowing system, for
rendering, as well as widget style for a native look and feel.

> The Qt backend is only available on linux-like system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Qt backend is only available on Linux-like operating systems.
```
